Meaning of version control
    Is a system that tracks the history of changes as people and teams collaborate  on project together.
Benefits of version control:
    1 Gives each contributer a unified and consistent view of a project, surfacing work that is already in progress.
    2 Lets developer see the entire timeline of their changes,decisions and progress of any project in one place.
Example  of version control
    1 Github
    It hosts Git respositories and provides developer with tools to ship better code through command  line features,
    issues,pull request,code review, or the use of a collection of free and for-purchase apps  in the Github Marketplace.
    With collaboration layers like the Github flow, a community of 100 million developers, and an ecosystem with hundreds 
    of integrations,Github changes the way software is built.
    It builds collaboration directly into the development process.work is organized into respositories where developers can
    outline  requirements or direction and set expectations for team members.
    Using Github flow, developers simply create a branch to work on updates, commit changes  to save them,open a pull request
    to propose and discuss changes and merge pull requests once everyone is on the same page.

Commands used in version control:
    1 git init-initializes a brand new Git respository and begins tracking an existing directory
               It adds a hidden  subfolder within  the existing directory that houses the internal data structure required
               for version control.
    2 git clone - Creates  a local copy of a project that already exists remotely.
    3 git add - Stages a change.
                tracks changes to a developer's codebase.
    4 git commit - Saves  the snapshot to the project history and completes the change-tracking process.
    5 git status - Shows the status of the changes as untracked, modified or staged.
    6 git branch - Shows the branches being worked on locally.
    7 git merge - Merges lines of development together.
                  combines changes made on two distinct branches.
    8 git pull - updates the local line of development with updates from remote counterpart.
                developers use this command if a teammate has made commits to a branch on a remote, and they would like to 
                reflect those changes in their local environments.
    9 Git puss - updates the remote respository with any commits made locally to a branch.



